[Doc Improvement][Update existing code snippet] (#6575)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/prepare/in-app-purchase-flow.md

To trigger in-app purchase for the app, invoke the `openPurchaseExperience` API from your web app.

> Following code snippet is an example of calling the API from the Teams app built using teams-js sdk up to version 11 and version 2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following code snippet is an example of calling the API from the Teams app built using Teams JavaScript client SDK:
```

> # [TeamsJS V11](#tab/jsonV11)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# [TeamsJS v1](#tab/jsonV11)
```
